c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
c:\users\cyrik\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
